---
layout: page
permalink: /about/members/
title: Members
show_in_nav: false
---
**Things to Do**\\
* Add past Members and what they are doing now\\
* Add the following info:\\
  * Pictures\\
  * Position(s)

<h1><b> Leadership Team </b></h1>

<h4>Christie Obatake</h4>

Project Manager

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/pub/christie-obatake/b5/53/180" target="_blank">LinkedIn Profile</a>

Christie Obatake is a senior majoring in computer engineering at the University 
of Hawaii at Manoa. She is currently the project manager of the Smart Campus 
Energy Lab and the Vice President of the Delta Omega chapter of Eta Kappa Nu, 
the electrical and computer engineering honors society. She has also previously interned at Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems and worked on the Flight Software
for the James Webb Space Telescope. Her academic interests are in programming, 
scripting, and algorithms. In her free time, she enjoys learning about Japanese 
language and culture.

<h4>Kenny Luong</h4>

Systems Engineer and Software Lead

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kennyluong" target="_blank">LinkedIn Profile</a>

Kenny Luong is currently a senior in Computer Engineering. He is currently the 
system engineer for the Smart Campus Energy Lab and was a former Chair for the 
IEEE student branch at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. He has previously done
two co-op tours at Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) in Austin, TX doing BIOS and 
Firmware using large scale emulation. His academic interests include software 
engineering, web development and computer architecture.

<h4>Zachary Dorman</h4>

Technical Lead

Zachary Dorman is a senior studying Computer Engineering. He is currently a 
member of the Smart Campus Energy Lab's management team.  Zachary has interned 
at Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems in Redondo Beach, CA, and is currently a 
co-op at Advanced Micro Devices in Austin, TX. He is primarily interested in 
software, and takes Computer Science classes to broaden his knowledge in the 
field.

<h4>Jonathan Liang</h4>

Hardware Mentor

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/pub/jonathan-liang/83/1b/125" target="_blank">LinkedIn Profile</a>

Jonathan Liang is currently a senior in Electrical Engineering - Electrophysics 
Track.  He is the founder of the University of Hawaii's Drone Technologies 
Program and is currently interning at Spectrum Photonics, where he develops 
electrical hardware used in hyperspectral imaging systems for chemical, 
biological, explosives, and narcotics detection.  His interests include hardware
development, electrical power systems, and systems integration. 

<h4>Jason Tanabe</h4>

Software Mentor

Jason Tanabe is a senior in computer engineering at the University of Hawaii at 
Manoa. He is interested in all types of programming. In his free time he enjoys 
to eat and sleep.


<b> Members </b>

Brandon Amano

Brandon S. Amano is a senior pursuing a bachelor's degree in electrical 
engineering at the University of Hawaii at Manoa.  His academic interests have 
steered him towards the electro-physics track, with a particular specialty in 
hardware, digital, circuit, and PCB design.  He is currently a hardware engineer
for the Smart Campus Energy Lab and is the President of the Delta Omega chapter 
of IEEE-Eta Kappa Nu (HKN).  His hobbies include gardening, hiking, biking, and 
traveling.

Raydan Bala

Raydan Bala is a senior majoring in electrical engineering at the University of 
Hawaii at Manoa. His academic interests are electrical power systems and 
circuits. In his spare time he likes to play piano, go to the gym and compete in
sports.

Tyrin-Neal Besas

Tyrin-Neal Besas is junior majoring in Electrical Engineering with interest in 
the electro-physics track. He might change to the systems track; however, his 
academic interests involve designing and constructing circuits. He also likes 
the critical thinking process of programming and enjoys mathematics. During his 
free time, Tyrin-Neal likes to play the ukulele, go to the beach, go to the gym,
and hangout with his friends.

Kim Pee Castro

Kim Pee Castro is a senior majoring in electrical engineering at the University 
of Hawaii at Manoa. He is currently the IEEE representative of the Delta Omega 
chapter of Eta Kappa Nu, the electrical and computer engineering honor society. 
He previously interned for the Systems Verification Center at Raytheon Space and
Airborne Systems division, performing testing and checkout of processor modules 
and special test equipment. His academic interests include programming, 
electronic power systems, and FPGA test and design. Outside of academics, he 
enjoys browsing Reddit and PC gaming. 

Brian Chan

Brian Chan is currently a senior majoring in Electrical Engineering at the 
University of Hawaii at Manoa. He previously interned with Northrop Grumman 
supporting System Engineers and developing tools for data processing. His 
academic interests include PCB design, CAD, Microwaves and Antenna design. His 
other interests include eating, sleeping, traveling and watching Netflix/
YouTube.

May Chen

May Chen is a senior majoring in electrical engineering with a focus in electro-
physics at the University of Hawai'i at Manoa. She is currently the 
Corresponding Secretary of the Delta Omega Chapter of Eta Kappa Nu. Her academic
interests are in microelectronics, electromagnetics, renewable energy, and 
health technology. Some of her hobbies include running, hiking, photography, and
traveling.

Keoni Davey

Keoni Davey is a senior at the University of Hawaii at Manoa, majoring in the 
systems track of Electrical Engineering. He puts his academic interests of 
programming and digital signals to practical use in the Smart Campus Energy Lab.
A former member of the debate team, he now spends his free time discussing world
events and international relations.

Raegan Diana

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/pub/raegan-diana/aa/430/9b1" target="_blank">LinkedIn Profile</a>

Raegan Diana is a senior majoring in Computer Engineering at the University of 
Hawaii at Manoa.  She is also a member of the IEEE student branch at the 
university.  She previously worked on various software projects with the County 
of Kauai.  Her academic interests include algorithms, programming, and working 
on FPGAs or Arduinos.  During her free time, Raegan enjoys playing a variety of 
video games, reading, drawing, and reviewing/learning Japanese language.

Tryston Fagarang

Tryston Fagarang is currently a junior majoring in Electrical Engineering, 
electro-physics track, at University of Hawaii at Manoa. He started his first
semester with the Smart Campus Energy Lab in Fall 2015 and is also the 
Fundraising Chair for IEEE student branch at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. 
He has previously spent a semester designing and building a micromouse for his 
EE296 project. His academic interest include in hardware design and fabrication.

Jeremy Garcia

Jeremy Garcia is a senior majoring in the systems track of Electrical 
Engineering at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. His academic interests are in 
signal analysis and mathematics with recent focuses in networking. Personal 
hobbies of his include anime, puzzles and Nintendo games.

Daisy Green

Daisy Green is a senior majoring in Electrical Engineering in the electro-
physics track. Her academic interests include the renewable energy field and 
electromagnetics. Her hobbies include playing tennis and going on hikes. 

Makiko Kuwahara

Makiko Kuwahara is a junior in Electrical Engineering, and will be a senior in 
the Spring. Her academic interests are mathematics and anything related to it. 
She is from Tokyo, Japan. However, her mother currently lives in Yamaguchi.

Kristie Lee

Kristie Lee is a senior majoring in electrical engineering (electro-physics) at 
the University of Hawaii at Manoa. She is currently an active member of the 
Society of Women Engineers, as well as the Recording Secretary of Eta Kappa Nu. 
Her academic interests are in electromagnetics. Outside of school, she enjoys 
being around dogs, arts and crafts, and playing board games. 

Ernesto Lorenzo

Ernesto Lorenzo is a senior majoring in Electrical Engineering with a focus in 
electrophysics at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. His academic interests are 
in circuit design and renewable energy. His non-academic interests include 
basketball, hiking, and reading.

Scott Nakashima

Scott Nakashima is currently a senior in Computer Engineering. His academic 
interests range from learning programming, cyber security, and web development. 
In his free time he enjoys researching things of his interest and playing 
computer games.

Michele Shimoda

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/pub/michele-shimoda/b0/8/226" target="_blank">LinkedIn Profile</a>

Michele Shimoda is a senior majoring in Computer Engineering at the University 
of Hawaii at Manoa.  She is a member of the Smart Campus Energy Lab with 
interests in programming and web development. Currently, she is serving as the 
IEEE Student Branch Chair, on the board of the Engineer's Council at the 
University of Hawaii, and a student director for the Engineering Alumni 
Association of the University of Hawaii. Her interests outside of school include
music, concerts, and travel.

Travis Tanaka

Travis Tanaka is a senior studying electrical engineering at the University of 
Hawaii at Manoa. He is currently the bridge correspondent of the Delta Omega 
chapter of Eta Kappa Nu, the electrical and computer engineering honors society.
His academic interests include circuit design and electromagnetics. During his 
free time, he enjoys playing video games.

Demosthenes Kaeo Villa

Kaeo Villa is currently a junior majoring in electrical engineering at 
University of Hawaii at Manoa. His academic interests include electrical 
engineering, circuitry, and programming. In the future, he'd like to be a part 
of more organizations that help out his community.

Ryan M K Walser

Ryan M K Walser is a senior majoring in computer engineering at the University 
of Hawaii at Manoa.  He is currently the Pledge Master for the Delta Omega 
chapter of Eta Kappa Nu, the electrical and computer engineering honor society. 
Ryan has a preference towards software engineering, but still has an 
interest in hardware.  He enjoys learning new programming languages and wishes 
to pursue his interest in cyber security.  In his free time, he enjoys playing 
tennis and going hiking.



Garrett Young

Garrett Z H Young is a senior studying Electrical Engineering at the University 
of Hawaii at Manoa. He is currently on the Micromouse Executive Committee. He 
interned at Raytheon during the summer of 2015, simulating antenna radiation 
patterns using HFSS. His academic interests are in digital signal processing, 
logic design, and microwaves. Outside of engineering, he plays in the UH 
Marching Band and enjoys traveling. 

